Believe in me that believes in you!
I will take a potato chip... and eat it!
I will not run away anymore... I will not go back on my word... that is my ninja way!
I am not a hero. I am just a high school student who likes chemistry.
I do not want to conquer anything. I just think that the guy with the most freedom in this ocean is the Pirate King!
It is not a crime to exist. You are here, and that is enough.
I will surpass you and protect my friends!
If you do not like your destiny, do not accept it. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be!
I am the bone of my sword.
There is no way I can make it to the top if I am the only one who gains something. I want us all to rise to the top together!
The world is full of nice people. If you cannot find one, be one.
Even if I die, you keep living. Live to see the end of this world, and to see why it was born. Live to see why a weak girl like me ended up here... And the reason you and I met.
Being weak is nothing to be ashamed of... Staying weak is!
In order to gain, you must sacrifice.
It is not always rainbows and butterflies, but compromise that moves us along.
Whatever you lose, you will find it again. But what you throw away, you will never get back.
You should enjoy the little detours to the fullest, because that is where you will find the things more important than what you want.
People die when they are killed.
I will never let them lay a finger on my friends!
Only those who have suffered long, can see the light within the shadows.
It is not a crime to be alive, you know.
If you do not like your destiny, do not accept it. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be.
The world is not perfect. But it is there for us, doing the best it can. And that is something worth fighting for.
I want to be the very best, like no one ever was.
The real world is just a crappy game.
Justice will prevail, you say? But of course, it will. Whoever wins this war becomes justice.
Even if I lose this feeling, I am sure that I will just fall in love with you all over again.
Without love, it cannot be seen.
A lesson without pain is meaningless. That is because no one can gain without sacrificing something.
Whether a fish lives in a clear stream or a water ditch, so long as it continues swimming forward, it will grow up beautifully.
If you only face forward, there is something you will miss seeing.
Sorry, but I am not a good loser.
I am mad scientist. It is so cool! Sonuvabitch.
The only thing we are allowed to do is to believe that we will not regret the choice we made.
The difference between the novice and the master is that the master has failed more times than the novice has tried.
If you cannot do something, then do not. Focus on what you can do.
There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves.
I will never let go of your hand again.